readme.md, before:

# ZoiteChat

ZoiteChat is an IRC client for Windows and UNIX-like operating systems.  
See [IRCHelp.org](http://irchelp.org) for information about IRC in general.  
For more information on ZoiteChat please read our [documentation](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/index.html):
- [Downloads](http://zoitechat.zoite.net/downloads.html)
- [FAQ](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/faq.html)
- [Changelog](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/changelog.html)
- [Python API](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/script_python.html)
- [Perl API](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/script_perl.html)

---

<sub>
X-Chat ("xchat") Copyright (c) 1998-2010 By Peter Zelezny.  
HexChat ("hexchat") Copyright (c) 2009-2014 By Berke Viktor.
ZoiteChat ("zoitechat") Copyright (c) 2026 By deepend. 
</sub>

<sub>
This program is released under the GPL v2 with the additional exemption
that compiling, linking, and/or using OpenSSL is allowed. You may
provide binary packages linked to the OpenSSL libraries, provided that
all other requirements of the GPL are met.
See file COPYING for details.
</sub>

Commit message:

Add build status badges to README
Added build status badges for Debian, Flatpak, and Windows.

readme.md, after:

# ZoiteChat

[![Debian Build](https://github.com/ZoiteChat/zoitechat/actions/workflows/debian-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ZoiteChat/zoitechat/actions/workflows/debian-build.yml)
[![Flatpak Build](https://github.com/ZoiteChat/zoitechat/actions/workflows/flatpak-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ZoiteChat/zoitechat/actions/workflows/flatpak-build.yml)
[![Windows Build](https://github.com/ZoiteChat/zoitechat/actions/workflows/windows-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ZoiteChat/zoitechat/actions/workflows/windows-build.yml)

ZoiteChat is an HexChat based IRC client for Windows and UNIX-like operating systems.  
See [IRCHelp.org](http://irchelp.org) for information about IRC in general.  
For more information on ZoiteChat please read our [documentation](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/index.html):
- [Downloads](http://zoitechat.zoite.net/downloads.html)
- [FAQ](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/faq.html)
- [Changelog](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/changelog.html)
- [Python API](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/script_python.html)
- [Perl API](https://zoitechat.zoite.net/docs/en/latest/script_perl.html)

---

<sub>
X-Chat ("xchat") Copyright (c) 1998-2010 By Peter Zelezny.  
HexChat ("hexchat") Copyright (c) 2009-2014 By Berke Viktor.
ZoiteChat ("zoitechat") Copyright (c) 2026 By deepend. 
</sub>

<sub>
This program is released under the GPL v2 with the additional exemption
that compiling, linking, and/or using OpenSSL is allowed. You may
provide binary packages linked to the OpenSSL libraries, provided that
all other requirements of the GPL are met.
See file COPYING for details.
</sub>
